Array
    An array contains a limited amount of numbered spots(inidices) for values.
    The length of an array is the amount of these indicies.
    The values in an array are called elements
Array is a homogenous container that can only store the same type of data,
it's required to specify the data type while creating it.

Indices and the structure of the memory
numbers[0] -- refering the first element of the array.

Types of Array
    Single Dimensional Array
        An array that has only one subscript or has one dimension 
        int marks={56,34,23,67,12}
    Multi-Dimensional Array
        array within an array
    create a program which stores 5 different subjects and marks of 10 students
Check if an array is sorted or not -
    Iterative and Recursive

    1. if the array is null or has only one element then the array is already sorted
    2. if there are more than 1 elements in the array, we will compare eacg adjacent elements till end of the array and at any point if we see arr[i]>arr[i+1] we will stop and return false
Create a program to find smallest and second smallest number in an array.

create a program which will print all the permutations of a given string with repetition
 a
 a 

 AB 

 AA 
 AB 
 BA 
 BB 

 n== arr.length

 printCombination(n,str,char [] arr)

 printCombination(0,str,new char[str.length])

 OOPs concepts
 Encapsulation
 Abstraction 
 Inheritance 
 Polymorphism

Class A 
{

}
Class A extends Object
{

}
extends keyword is used to inherit the properties of a class.
The class that receives the properties is called subclass/derived class/child class
The class from which the properties get inherited known as baseclass/parentclass/super class
Advantage
    Code resuability

Use case : Car Manufacturing System

protected access modifier is used when we want to define some variables or methods that are visible to the subclasses but invisible to everything else.

Association, Composition and Aggregation

Association
    relationship between any two classes

    one-to-one
    one-to-many
    many-to-one
    many-to-many

    Professor

    Department

    Professor one-to-one Department
    Professor one-to-many Department
    Professor many-to-one Department
    Professor many-to-many Department

    Forms of Association (Has - A)
        - Aggregation
            It is a loosly coupled relation exist between two classes
            it ia a weak form of Association
            although the classes are asscociated with each other, one can exist without the other independently.
        Use Case : association between country and sportsperson

        - Composition
            It is a form of relation that is more tightly coupled.
            It is also known as strong association
            the classes cannot exist independent of each other
        Use Case : association between organization and employee

CC #3
problem statement
    Todo Manager Application, which manage our tasks and keep track of our tasks

User Scenario:
    As a user, I should be able to register and login to the Application
    As a user, I can be either client or visitor
    As a visitor, I can only see the tasks assigned to me 
    As a client, I should be able to add, update, delete the task in the array.
    As a client, I should be able to search a task from an array.
    As a client, I should be able to assign the task to a visitor

Instructions
    parent class - User
    child class - Client and visitor
    use arrays to store the user objects.
    All the CRUD operations should happen in a dao class.
    Main class should contain only menu.
    The application can be exited only if user enters 0 to exit.
    User should see the menu repeatedly